Question Resolution Phase:
Behavior:
1.	Calculate all damage, healing and blocking resolutions from the Question and Block and Healing phases.
2.	Students who answered correctly have a modal appear in the middle of the screen with the following text “Correct! Your question dealt DMG damage to ENEMY!” (where DMG is the current damage calculation for that player’s base damage) and ENEMY is the enemy name. ONLY SHOW THIS MODAL FOR PLAYERS WHO DEALT BASE DAMGE. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
3.	Students who answered incorrectly have a modal appear in the middle of the screen with the following text “Incorrect. ENEMY deals FIGHTDAMAGE damage to you!” and make the screen shake. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
4.	Students who answered correctly and used an ability this turn, have a modal appear in the middle of the screen with the following text “Correct! ABILITY dealt DMG damage to ENEMY!” where ABILITY is the ability button they pressed to deal damage this round. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
5.	Students who successfully blocked question damage get a modal pop up in the middle of their screen with the following text “You blocked BLOCKEDPLAYER’s BLOCKED damage!” where BLOCKEDPLAYER is the player they blocked and BLOCKED is the damage amount that was blocked. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
6.	Students who were selected to be blocked for AND got their question wrong AND had HP damage loss calculated for this phase have a modal that appears in the middle of their screen with the following text “BLOCKINGPLAYER blocked HPDAMAGE damage for you!” where BLOCKINGPLAYER is the player who chose this player to block and HPDAMAGE is the amount of damage that would have caused HP subtraction absent the block. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
7.	Students who successfully healed get a modal pop up in the middle of their screen with the following text “You healed HEALEDPLAYER for HEALEDHP HP!” where HEALEDPLAYER is the name of the player they healed and HEALEDHP is the calculated HP that was healed. Keep this modal up for 2 seconds.
8.	Students who used a Block and Healing phase ability other than blocking or healing have a modal appear in the middle of the screen with the following text “ABILITY dealt DMG damage to ENEMY!” Keep this modal up for 2 seconds
9.	Have a modal appear after any player no longer has a modal up from scripts 2-8, animate the boss image to fill the middle of the screen, with the text over the top that reads “Your party dealt TOTALDAMAGE damage to ENEMY!” where TOTALDAMAGE is the sum of all damage dealt this round. Have the enemy image shake red for 2 seconds (or modal closes, whichever comes first). For simultaneous fights, show all current enemy images, and have each enemy damaged shake red in sequence, starting 0.1 seconds after each other. Select the sequence according to the order designated by the teacher. This/these image(s) and text remain visible until all other modals have closed for players who still have them.
Ends when: The timers for modals called by scripts 1-8 complete, or there is no modal called within 4 seconds.
